1. Mission
    - How clear is it?
        Autism-friendly software for android tablets
        Secondary goal is to develop working software over high quality software.
        
    - Is it understood by staff and board?
        yes, but some groups work on IOS
        
    - To what extent are decisions based on it?
        To the biggest extend possible, we hope...
        
    - How often is it referred to in meetings and in written material?
        we have not counted

2. Program
    All groups should work in scrum
    
    - What do you do, how do you do it, who does it, and who do you do it for?
        We are creating a timer for children with autism to understand time, it is a part of the android software.
        We use android studio with the java programming language.
        4 persons, our group, works on the timer. 
            12 groups of 3-4 work are developing the android software. 
            Two groups are making requirements analysis, they will develop later. 
            Two groups are creating IOS software for autistic children.  
        The software is in development for "Aalborg kumune" as the custemor
        
    - How do you select programming?
        The programming language and development tool is an obvies choise since java is needed for android and android studio is a "nice" IDE
        We work with the scrum development method which means that the custemor choose which functionallity we develop.
        
    - How do you evaluate your programs?
        In our group code is reviewed when it is ready.
        In the end of each sprint a meeting is conducted with the customer for feedback on the current development cycle
        
    - How do the programs serve the mission of the organizations?
        Everything works towards the goal of creating a software package for android which assist children with autism in communication, learing, planning and play.
    
    - How do you perceive and measure the level of quality? 
        We are developing software on a already existant codebase. Currently it seems like the groups are engaged however many complain of pure code quality on the currently existing codebase
        The best mesure of quality currently is the meetings with the custemor at the end of the sprint.
        We use a build tool called Jenkins to make automated builds of the whole codebase everyday
        We use a tool called redmine to track the project and the work beeing preformed in the different groups
        We use git to ??
        
3. Board

    - How large is the board?
        We don't have a board but a scrum of scrum status group.
        The scrum group consists of a representative from each group, a secretary and a scrum of scrum master. 18 people in total
        
    - How clear are the roles of board members?
        The roles is very clear.
        Each representative is to explain the status of his group, what they have done since last meeting and what problems they have.
        Each representative have a vote and voice for his group concerning problems for the entire projects.
        The secretaries job is to take notes from the meeting and compile them into a summery of the meeting and destribute it by mail afterwards.
        The scrum of scrum masters role is to conduct the meetings and the logistic around this such as booking rooms, creating agenda and more.
        
    - Is there a plan for succession and leadership?
        Yes and no, since its a bachelor projects our reports will be written such that it works as an introduction to our part of the code base for the next year bachelors.
        However it is up to the next year students to create their own management structure.
        
    - How are members recruited and oriented?
        The members of the status group is selected by their own group to represent them
        
    
4. Personnel

    - Organization chart?
        Done on paper, we have a very flat organization
        
    - Written job descriptions, personnel policies, wage & benefit plan?
        A "written job descriptions" does not exist. However since we all are bachelor student and want to get our bachelor degree the study regulation can is opur job description.
    
    - Is there a formal performance review process?
        No, only the exam, which does not secure quality of content only quality of knowleagde.

5. External Environment

    - Who are your peers and competitors?
        Peers consists of the cosutmer at the sprint end, the internal members of a group when reviewing code and the company MYMO who develops learning games.
        Competitors...  Pictoselector.eu which is a free pictogram database, some groups are trying to contact the creator for a collaboration.
        We dont really have any big competitors, since this is a big software package with multiple functionallity, while other products only offer a single of the many functionallities.
    
    - What are the economic and social conditions of the community?
        The developers are students at their bechelor projects.
        The software will be free and open source.
        The cost of the projects is for group rooms at the univeristy, the cordinator of the semester and the supervisor of the groups, which is all paied by the university.
    
    - What is likely to change?
        Not likely at all, unless next years student choose to work with a traditional development method 

    - How well does your organization collaborate or otherwise work with other organizations in the community?
        We currently have 6 costumers who is all working with autictic children. 
        We have 1 "peer/learning partner" who develops learning games for tablets and phones.
        Beside that we have no collaborations with other organizations in the community

    - Is your organization part of another organization, such as a university? If so, what issues involving the larger entity may have impact on your organization? 
        The organization is part of Aalborg University. 
        Bad economy may have an influence on the hardware we can work with.   
        We are more or less restricted to the android platform.
    
6. Marketing
    
    - What mechanisms exist to understand your audience?
        The costumers are experts on autictic children.
        We work together with them for the requirements of the product.
        They also provide us with the knowlegde we need to have an understanding of the cognitive abilities of the autictic children. 
        
    - What role does audience play in the organization’s positioning?
        They play no role at all, only as customers and expert consulents

    - What is the makeup and demographics of the audience?
        Autictic children which is around 1% of all children, their parents, their teachers and their pedagogue. 
        It is a small part of the overall population.
    
    - Is that the audience you want? 
        Yes

9. Facility

    - Condition?
        Aalborg University cassiopia

    - Maintenance plan?
        Maintenaced by Aalborg university not the "organization" developing this product

    - Renovations or expansions planned?
        Next years bachelor students will continue the project

    - Is the space satisfactory for the nature of the work produced or exhibited?
        Yes, everybode have a chair and a desk space, each group have at least one board and there are bigger rooms available for meetings

    - Does the facility adequately serve the needs of the audience? 
        We hope, the developers beeing students may have an effect on the quality of the product.
    
    
Lignene projekt
Point2Speak by Christian Jakobsen    
https://itunes.apple.com/dk/app/point2speak/id664577321?mt=8